Improve drag and drop for granular changes follow ons (#1783)
puckeditor/puck: apps/docs/pages/docs/api-reference/components/puck.mdx

Control animation behavior while dragging. Defaults to `"auto"`.

> - `"auto"` (default): Use fluid behavior within a slot, switching to a static line placeholder when dragging an item between slots or inserting a new component.

Reviewer: Hmm I now find this a bit receptive, as it's redefining `static` behavior (but doesn't redefine `fluid` behavior).

I think there was a typo in the original one ("switch to a static when dragging"). Would it be better if we just fixed that?

```suggestion
- `"auto"` (default): Use fluid behavior within a slot, then switch to static behavior when dragging an item between slots or inserting a new component.
```

Author: Done!
